feat: add Tile and Decision components (#498)
transferwise/neptune-web: packages/docs/pages/components/navigation/Decision.mdx

import { LiveEditorBlock, GeneratePropsTable } from '../../../utils';
import code from '../../../liveEditorCode/decision.code.js';

import { Decision, Avatar, Tile, NavigationOption } from '@transferwise/components';

<LiveEditorBlock code={code} scope={{ Decision, Avatar }} display="vertical" />
<GeneratePropsTable componentName="Decision" />

## Usage

Decision can be used for illustrating major decisions for the user.

> It is encouraged to keep the number of options in `items` under three.

Reviewer: `options`

> It is encouraged to keep the number of options in `options` under three.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is encouraged to keep the number of options in `options` under four.
```

The `type` prop handles the kind of elements to display for each presentation style

### Navigation type

<table className="docs-table table table-condensed">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Presentation</th>
      <th>Mobile</th>
      <th>Desktop</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>{Decision.Presentation.LIST}</td>
      <td>
        <NavigationOption
          id="navigation-option"
          name="navigation-option"
          className="custom-navigation-option"
          title="Navigation option"
          content="Button and icon are vertically centered."
          onClick={() => alert('clicked')}
          media={

>             <Avatar size="md" theme="light" type="initials" className="text-xs-center">

Reviewer: More text-xs-centers

import { LiveEditorBlock, GeneratePropsTable } from '../../../utils';
import code from '../../../liveEditorCode/decision.code.js';

import { Decision, Avatar } from '@transferwise/components';

Decision can be used for illustrating major decisions for the user.

> It is encouraged to keep the number of options in `options` under four.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because blocks will not wrap onto multiple lines, we suggest keeping the number of options under four when using presentation `LIST_BLOCK`.
```
